.TH SIMPLE_SHELL 1 2020-NOV-18 GNU

.SH NAME
simple_shell \- shell termianl in C language

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./hsh
.TP
[\fBecho\fR \fIcommand\fR] | ./hsh

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B simple_shell
.TP
This program runs a shell interface using C programming, it will handle regular
commands with full path, shorten commands such as ls, cd, pwd, whoami, and
others. As well manage flags added to the different commands.


.SH COMMANDS
.TP
All commands passed by the user will be executed as a regular shell would. 
As well execute piped commands before runtime.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fBecho\fR \fIcommand\fR \fB | \fR ./hsh
This allows a command to be piped directly into the program before run time.
.TP
.B ./hsh
.TP
Runs the program normaly allowing the user to enter the desired command during the programs run time.
.TP
.SH
BUILT-IN COMMANDS
.TP
.IP \fBexit\fR
Allows the user to exit our shell interface
.TP
.IP \fBls\fR
Shows in the standar output the list of file and/or directories.
.TP
		See \fBman\fR \fIls\fR for more options.
.TP
.IP \fBcd\fR
Changes from the current directory to the desired directory.
.TP
		See \fBman\fR \fIcd\fR for more options.
.TP
.IP \fBalias\fR
Allows the user to give a desired name to a command or sequence of commands.
.TP
		See \fBman\fR \fIalias\fR for more options.
.TP
.IP \fBhelp\fR
Displays information about a specific built-in command
.TP
		See \fBman\fR \fIhelp\fR for more options.
.TP

.SH SPECIAL CASE
.TP
special handler Ctrl+C
.TP
The special handler Ctrl+C will not exit our shell, however it will print ^C.
.TP 
.SH AUTHORS
.TP
Gustavo Hornedo & Angel Gonzalez
.TP
Holberton School Cohort-13.

